
      In many document classification problems, sets of people will be associated with the document. These sets might include document authors, or people who have read the document, or the sender of an electronic message, or the recipients of the message, or those carbon copied, or those blind carbon copied. It is obvious that these sets of people can constitute important information that can help to classify the document. Our own interest in this problem stems from the application of document classification to electronic discovery in courtroom litigation, where emails (with senders and various types of receivers) constitute about 75% of the data that must be processed during the discovery phase of the trail. In eDiscovery, there are a number of case-dependent important legal issues that are relevant, and the task is to go through all of the emails and label each with a vector indicating whether or not each email is relevant to the various legal issues. We would like to take into account sender and receiver information when doing this. Surprisingly, there has been very little work that is concerned with taking into account sender and receiver information during document classification. The most obvious way to take this information into account is to simply include the senders and receivers as additional features available to the classification model. Unfortunately, this method tends to give very poor results in practice---often no better than simply ignoring the senders and receivers altogether. In this paper, we propose a simple method for mapping the set of people in a sender or receiver category to a single, low-dimensional vector in a latent space. There are many ways that this vector can be used to help with the document classification task, and in the paper we consider three distinct possibilities in detail. We find that mapping a set of senders or receivers to a latent space in this way and incorporating this mapping into a classifier can greatly boost classification accuracy on several real electronic discovery tasks.
      